README.md, before:

# JFoenix
* JavaFX Material Design Library (Beta) [download jar](http://www.jfoenix.com/download/jfoenix.jar)
* [JFoenix Site](http://www.jfoenix.com)

# Summary
JFoenix is an open source java library, that implements Google Material Design using java components.

# Source Code
To rebuild JFoenix, we created an Ant file named build.xml and build.bat. JFoenix uses Java 1.8 version. Using a command line, you need to move to JFoenix make directory
and run the batch file build.bat by typing:

    build.bat

To run the main dmeo, in JFoenix make directory run the batch file run-demo.bat :

    run-demo.bat

**NOTE** : you need to update the build.bat to point to Java 1.8 and Apache Ant directories 
 
# How Can I Use JFoenix?
 you can download the source code of the library, and build it as mentioned before. Building JFoenix will generate jfoenix.jar under build/dist folder. To use JFoenix, import the jfoenix.jar into your project and start using the new material design java components :).
 
# Pics

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/button.gif "Button Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/checkbox.gif "Check Box Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/dialog.gif "Dialog Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/listview.gif "List View Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/nodes-list.gif "Nodes List Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/slider.gif "Slider Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/spinner.gif "Spinner Demo")

Commit message:

Migrate build to multi project Gradle structure Apply license headers to all files

README.md, after:

# JFoenix
* JavaFX Material Design Library (Beta) [download jar](http://www.jfoenix.com/download/jfoenix.jar)
* [JFoenix Site](http://www.jfoenix.com)

# Summary
JFoenix is an open source java library, that implements Google Material Design using java components.

# Source Code
To build JFoenix, execute the following command

    gradle build

To run the main demo, execute the following command:

    gradle run

#Requirements
The maximum supported Java8 version is JDK8u51 due to the removal of `com.sun.javafx.Utils` in later releases.

# How Can I Use JFoenix?
 you can download the source code of the library, and build it as mentioned before. Building JFoenix will generate jfoenix.jar under build/libs folder. To use JFoenix, import the jfoenix.jar into your project and start using the new material design java components :).
 
# Pics

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/button.gif "Button Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/checkbox.gif "Check Box Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/dialog.gif "Dialog Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/listview.gif "List View Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/nodes-list.gif "Nodes List Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/slider.gif "Slider Demo")

![Alt text](http://jfoenix.com/gif/spinner.gif "Spinner Demo")
